[AUDIO LOGO]
[THEME MUSIC]
>> REGINA MEREDITH: Cynthia Sue
Larson is back with us today
and we're going to expand our
conversations about The Mandela
Effect in some really
interesting ways.
I think this is
super timely as we're
becoming more and more
divided in our beliefs and way
of understanding life.
This conversation is going to
bring back some clarity, sanity,
and grace to our conversations.
Welcome back.
It's so good to see
you again, as always.
>> CYNTHIA SUE LARSON:
Love seeing you, too.
>> REGINA: Such
a sparkly entity.
[LAUGHTER] So what
I thought I'd do,
we have so much to talk about
in a 45 minute time frame.
So what I thought I'd
do is since we last
got together with The
Mandela Society, what--
just a couple pops
on what's happened
since then that inspired
you to write the new book
and then we'll start
getting into the rest
of the conversation.
>> LARSON: Well, this book
has been years in the making,
but I'm excited that
it's out finally,
because it's perfect timing.
The world needs to understand
what is this phenomenon
and take it seriously instead
of just thinking it's one or two
bizarre incidents that
people were confabulating
or they had collective
mistaken memories.
That's typically the
explanation for The Mandela.
But this phenomenon has
a long history behind it,
there's a lot of
science behind it.
There's a lot of language
in common from people
experiencing it behind
it, lots of authors
have written about it.
And so I wanted
to bring together
the history, the science,
the community aspects that
otherwise, if you
don't include that,
it's not really easy to see
what this entire phenomenon is
actually about.
>> REGINA: Yes, because this
is happening communally.
We have whole sects of people,
whole generations of people
with a certain
memory and are now,
I mean it's creating
cognitive dissonance, when
you say, no, never
happened, never existed,
that was never
there to begin with.
At least people
are like, what are
you talking about and
scratching their heads, that's
why your work is so important.
We're going to try to
straighten this out.
So let me ask you
something because we
haven't talked about this.
Some of the most common ones
are the Berenstein Bears
that we knew when our
kids were little that
are now the Berenstain Bears.
No, it was Berenstein
Bears back then.
Also, Stouffer's stove
top stuffing everybody
had that in their pantry.
>> LARSON: Yes,
for the holidays.
>> REGINA: Doesn't
exist anymore.
Let's get into the
mechanics of it a bit.
So what you're saying
in The Mandela Effect
is essentially we have two
different timelines, each
with its memory thread.
To create those timelines
on these things that
seem superfluous, is it possible
there was something like the ad
agencies getting together,
debating and arguing
what should we call it?
Should we call it this or
should we call it that?
Or what is it that happened that
created two distinct identities
on parallel timelines?
>> LARSON: That's a
tough question to answer.
>> REGINA: I know and it's one
I've always wondered about.
And if there's any
way to even begin
approaching where
that imprint got
laid down to begin with of
Berenstein versus Berenstain.
>> LARSON: Or Stouffer's
stove top stuffing when--
>> REGINA: Peanut butter.
>> LARSON: And now it's
apparently only been Kraft stove
top stuffing.
>> REGINA: Exactly.
No, I look these and say, no,
that's not what it was called.
So we know better.
>> LARSON: We know better.
>> REGINA: And so if they say
it's only ever been Kraft today
and everyone says no, we have
all of our corporate data,
it was never
Stouffer's stove top.
>> LARSON: So many of
us, myself included,
remember quite clearly it
was Stouffer's stove top.
>> REGINA: Do you have any idea
with all these scientists yet?
>> LARSON: My favorite approach
on this whole thing is basically
what shows up on the cover of
my new book The Mandela Effect
and its Society.
The picture shows a hand with
these two Wigner bubbles.
I pronounce it Wigner bubbles
sometimes because it's Eugene
Wigner, but Wigner whatever.
And the idea here
is that if you look
at the initial
observation of something,
life is not quite
the way we think.
We tend to think there's one
objective reality and the truth
it's much more
accurate to say that we
have a collection of
subjective realities.
>> REGINA: Absolutely.
But where did these two
distinct, different imprints
come from?
>> LARSON: The imprints would
come from consciousness,
and that's the true
nature of reality.
So this is not
materialism at all
and I know we've talked
about that before.
Clearly, if you start
looking at the assumption
that everything is material
classical physics instead
of actually quantum physics and
much more malleable in the sense
that there could be wave
functions that are smeared
over many different
possibilities or probabilities,
then each observer
has the opportunity
to basically affect what they're
observing and it starts there.
And then--
>> REGINA: On the most minute--
>> LARSON: --that's
the beginning.
>> REGINA: --and massive level.
>> LARSON: That's the first step
is that the observation happens.
And the placement of
the observational device
or the observer absolutely
makes a difference in
whether you see Stouffer's stove
top stuffing or the Berenstain
Bears versus the other options.
And then the second piece of
it would be a layered approach
of the observation.
So that would mean
if I'm meditating
and if I'm the person that is
self-reflective, which I am,
I'm going to be more likely
to observe these changes.
And that definitely is the case.
So people that do
more meditation
are more likely to observe all
things, including synchronicity.
>> REGINA: That's true
>> LARSON: The placebo effect,
all of these things that tie
in rather closely with
this Mandela Effect.
>> REGINA: Well, it just
makes me wonder, some thing,
some conscious unit,
human or whatever,
intervenes at some point
to change that outcome
and overwrite that
timeline it seems.
>> LARSON: Meditators are
a little bit different than
magical practitioners and that's
something I've been interested
in.
>> REGINA: Talk about
that a little bit.
>> LARSON: This is
very interesting.
And I've been involved
this year in an experiment
with IONS, the Institute
of Noetic Sciences.
They reached out, we're doing
a search for participants
to get involved with something
called the sigil experiment.
And they wanted
meditators and magicians,
and I'm a little bit of both.
>> REGINA: You are.
>> LARSON: Yeah, but they were
splitting us up into two groups.
And so people that can
influence reality, that would
be what they call magicians.
And the task in front
of us was to work
with a device like the
double slit experiment,
but it was an interferometer
which works physically.
It's a little box about
this big, so it's small.
>> REGINA: Explain what
an interferometer is.
>> LARSON: When I
studied physics,
I was working with
interferometers,
that would be splitting
a beam of light,
getting a photon to
interfere with itself,
usually with mirrors.
It's possible to build
the same technology
inside of a device using
electronic components
and get the same exact
an effect that you're
interfering with a photon
inside of the little sealed box.
And the unit that I got
was in a Faraday cage.
I looked at it and
it was wrapped with--
>> REGINA: A very
protective cage.
>> LARSON: It was
very protected.
>> REGINA: So what are
the implications of what
you're saying?
>> LARSON: The implications are,
it should not be possible for me
or anyone else supposedly to
influence what's inside the box,
especially if it's been
wrapped up and protected from
electromagnetic interference.
However, what I observed was I
did have very positive influence
on the box out of, I think they
collected 10 different runs.
One of them, I messed up.
I was trying to do the
energy work in advance.
I learned, don't do that.
>> REGINA: Do it in real time.
>> LARSON: Be in the moment.
So I live and learn.
>> REGINA: So you
were able to affect--
>> LARSON: Nine times out of 10.
>> REGINA: --the outcome that
was protected in a Faraday cage.
>> LARSON: In a Faraday cage.
They didn't tell me
it was a Faraday cage,
but I'm looking
at it, obviously.
It's a Faraday cage.
>> REGINA: So, I mean, that gets
to everything about nonlocal
quantum reality--
>> LARSON: Exactly.
>> REGINA: --that doesn't
play by any rules of physics.
>> LARSON: So now I know for
sure because I get feedback
in the form of
looking at the lights.
There's a little blinking
light on the top of the device
that Dr. Dean Radin designed.
And when it goes to white
and there's a pitch of tone,
so he designed the
whole apparatus
for lots of good feedback.
So I'd hear this beautiful, high
pitched tone, which I would just
think in terms of
angels singing,
instantly, it's easy to get
it to go up to that level.
So if you're accustomed to
working with physical reality
and never mind what
you're looking at,
if you're accustomed to the
fact that we can influence this,
it's possible to do so, and we
all have access to this ability.
I would recommend, of course,
work to be a good person,
ask questions like
how good can it get?
Because when I hear
the word magic, it does
have a bad rap to it.
>> REGINA: No, we're
talking about white magic.
We're talking about
positive, joy-filled,
high frequency ability to
use the mind and the energy
to change outcomes--
>> LARSON: For the
best for all concerned
>> REGINA: --for the best.
They call it, magick, but it's
far beyond what we commonly
know as magic.
>> LARSON: I appreciate that.
>> REGINA: And I know you
have the ability to do that.
So we'll have to figure out who
decided to overwrite Berenstein
with Berenstain, who cares?
Someone over wrote it to
affect our collective memory
and put us into a state
of cognitive dissonance.
>> LARSON: They certainly did.
And maybe the they is us,
maybe it's time for us
collectively to start looking
at supposedly insoluble problems
and recognize that no matter
how messed up things might be--
>> REGINA: Absolutely.
>> LARSON: --we can change them.
>> REGINA: Yes, we
can change them.
So now let's go to more
cognitive dissonance
because I think it's important
that we point this out.
We're going to have to deal
with a lot larger issues that
are coming down the pike and
the realities as a species.
So we're starting to talk about
these things in a relaxed way
now and Mandela Effect is
a perfect way to do it.
Little town in the UK, there was
a Bolton museum and Art Gallery.
I have written down 1960s
and all these kids would come
through the museum and
they were just wowed.
They had a full scale
model of a dinosaur
and it was like the deal.
Everyone that went there
came back, oh, mom,
guess what we saw today.
So tell us the story.
>> LARSON: Well, this came to
my attention when I heard that
there were council members
in this little town of Bolton
and there was a
kerfuffle going on.
[LAUGHTER]
>> REGINA: Yeah, this
does cause kerfuffle.
>> LARSON: There was a lot of
controversy because the council
members, I think about half of
them clearly had the memory that
you're describing where there
used to be the famous beloved
dinosaur.
>> REGINA: They went there on
their class trip of course,
they probably drew
drawings of it.
>> LARSON: They remembered
it quite clearly.
And so the council
members were concerned,
it's been long
enough, this dinosaur
has been apparently missing.
I don't know what's going
on, but we need an answer.
Is it out for cleaning?
Is it completed yet?
Where is our dinosaur?
And they came to
find out there never
had been a dinosaur in
their town or in the museum
officially.
And so it was interesting
because the conversation bubbled
up into the point where
the populace was surveyed
and about half the townspeople
and half the city council
were in agreement that
there used to be a dinosaur.
So it was like 50/50.
>> REGINA: Was it a long
the generational lines like
the older people said absolutely
it was there and the younger
people said it wasn't
because it isn't anymore?
>> LARSON: I'm not
sure about that aspect.
>> REGINA: Yeah, I would
expect it would be generational
because yes, we saw
it, it was there,
but the history shows
it was never there.
>> LARSON: It was never there.
>> REGINA: Now, again, this
will make a person crazy.
>> LARSON: It certainly does,
and it was such an important
feature of the museum that those
that remembered that it should
be there insisted that
we need our dinosaur.
Never mind the fact that
supposedly it didn't exist,
we know what it looked
like, bring it back.
And so we're going
to get a dinosaur.
We'll pay what it costs.
>> REGINA: Create a new one if
you have to, just get the damn
dinosaur back.
I love it.
I mean, this is an
example because one
of the people, the
town's persons,
I think one of the people that
was on the board of directors
or something said,
wait a minute,
you can't tell me
it wasn't there.
What am I supposed
to believe if I
can't believe my own memory, my
own experience, and my own eyes?
And that's taking us into
the next question, which is,
two observers can be in
the same place, seemingly
in the same circumstance,
participating
in a common reality,
but their memories
are completely separate now.
This is going outside of
The Mandela Effect a bit,
but this is part of it too.
>> LARSON: I think it's at the
heart of it because so many
people notice the Berenstain,
Bears and they'll say things
like, I'm on a different
timeline than you are,
because for me, I
remember hass avocados.
They'll remember hass
avocados used to be H-A-A-S.
>> REGINA: Yes,
what are they now?
>> LARSON: It's H-A-S-S
and it's always--
>> REGINA: Oh, no it
was always H-A-A-S.
>> LARSON: I know.
I remember that too.
So people can have different
Mandela Effect memories.
They'll acknowledge, yes,
The Mandela Effect is real,
but the one that
really gets them
is the thinker statue with
where is that fist on the face,
is it on the
forehead or the chin?
Where is that?
So there can be
differences of opinion.
I think it's interesting that
this experiment was conducted
in a collaborative
experiment conducted
between the University
of Edinburgh, Scotland,
and also in Vienna, Austria.
And what they noticed when
they ran some experiments was
that the placement of
the observational device
absolutely matters.
And it was basically working
with six entangled photons.
And so the observational
devices would
be positioned so that
the measurement would
be taken at the same
place well, roughly
the same place and same time.
It's like two observers watching
to see what's going on there.
And the Eugene Wigner
experiment originally
was predicting
that you might see
a difference, that there might
be that subjective memory.
And so that is
exactly what happened
with this joint
collaborative experiment.
>> REGINA: Distinctly different?
>> LARSON: Distinctly
different, yes.
And so it goes along
with what we're
witnessing, where we might
talk to maybe a childhood
friend or a family
member and have
completely different memories of
what we know happened years ago.
>> REGINA: And be
arguing over it.
No, he didn't say that,
he wasn't even there.
We were at so-and-so's house,
that thing that families do.
And so we're going to have to
back off a little bit in our,
I think, self-certainty
about the nature
of reality and our experiences.
And I just want to bring
the holographic notion
of this in because I think
it's really important.
I used to find it
very offensive.
If you're in a holographic
reality constructed by blah,
blah, blah, well, when I
start thinking about it
and hold on a minute, this
is a holographic reality
by the sheer evidence
that there is
nothing to the atoms in our body
that construct the molecules
and cells.
There's nothing there.
It's almost all space.
Now, a lot of people
listening to this
know by now there's no
there, this isn't here.
If you're another type
of being, you literally
put your hand right through it
because there isn't anything
there except we in our
collective understanding
and belief for third
dimensional Earth life
believe this is a table.
It's dense, it's here,
and I might break my hand
if I try to hit it.
That's our understanding.
But we in all of the events
don't exist in a physical sense.
So everything's through a filter
of consciousness and everyone's
is different.
>> LARSON: That's true.
>> REGINA: Right?
>> LARSON: Yes, and it's very
entangled at the same time that
holographic interpretation
is brilliant for showing that
there's this implicit order
that connects everything,
and then there's
the explicate order.
That was David Bohm's
wonderful interpretation
of quantum physics.
>> REGINA: Explain that to
people if they don't know
the word.
>> LARSON: Let's
start with a hologram.
Back in the '80s, if
people are that old--
>> REGINA: It is a 3D
rendering of a reality.
>> LARSON: I used to go to
shopping malls and holographic
images were everywhere.
It was the thing
many decades ago.
So a holographic image
basically can replicate
the entirety of a scene.
And if you take one
piece of that image,
for instance, if the
glass plate is broken
of the holographic
photograph, you'll
still have a complete image
of that scene from that one
particular perspective.
And that's what's so cool
about that holographic image.
We see it with things
like Eastern medicine
where if you look at the
ear, all of the pressure
points on the ear map to all
of the points on the body.
And it's something very
interesting to observe
in so many different
aspects of nature.
>> REGINA: I think so, and
I think it just gets us
comfortable with understanding.
That's the thing
that blew me away,
I think of all of the
subjects considering
the nature of reality.
The thing that I had the hardest
time getting my mind around many
years ago was that we are all
space and I've been told this
by a top physicist
back in the '80s.
He said, no, no, no, no, it's
just bosons, it's just space.
It just doesn't exist.
So your thoughts are what
will create whatever exists
in the body and so forth.
And it didn't make sense
until as years go on you start
looking at it differently.
And ultimately, our
little kids, all of us
will be looking at it as
we are a construct that
is created to have this
particular individualized
experience.
And that's a whole
separate thing
than thinking this is
it and can't be altered.
>> LARSON: And for those of us
who feel like we don't quite fit
in these little tiny
physical bodies,
it makes more sense too because
there's so much more of us than
meets the eye.
[LAUGHTER]
>> REGINA: A lot of people leave
their bodies and try to get back
in, that's a problem.
So we're all experiencing
our own personal reality.
So let's get into a little
bit of The Mandela Effect
regarding you because
I think it's funny.
So Rupert Sheldrake, whom
we both love and adore.
Rupert at one point stated
that you are no longer alive.
What led him to
believe that and what
was the circumstance to
declare you were dead, just
like with The Mandela Effect?
>> LARSON: Well, this is
according to one particular
witness and it was somebody that
wrote to me because I put out
a call asking people, did you
notice that I had passed away,
which sounds like
a weird question.
[LAUGHTER]
>> REGINA: Since
you're writing to them.
>> LARSON: It
sounds very strange.
But I had been
alerted to the fact
that this might be the case
by someone who told me.
He said, you don't know me, but
in my reality, you passed away.
And I know this may
sound really weird
and don't take it the wrong way.
So he'd preface the whole thing
and I'd followed up to ask him,
when was this?
How did you find out?
What was the cause of death?
Everything he shared
with me closely
dovetailed with a time in my
life that I really almost did
die.
>> REGINA: 2017?
>> LARSON: Yeah.
So that's when I put--
>> REGINA: What happened there
and what do you think may have
happened that created then this
parallel timeline where Rupert
thought you had died?
>> LARSON: I haven't reached out
to Rupert because that report is
from a particular person who
remembers that she saw that he
did say that.
So probably, there's no
trace of that reality.
>> REGINA: Probably no.
>> LARSON: I didn't
die in this reality.
So he'd wonder, what
are you talking about?
But what happened
in my life is I'd
gone through a series of
emotional shocks to my system,
and things had happened
in the physical world that
rattled me deeply,
including feelings
of betrayal with someone
that I thought I trusted.
And so it just shook
me to the core.
I did bounce back eventually,
and I realized, wait a minute,
draw a deep and strong into
the core of my fiber of being
and never mind what
people are doing.
And people might do things like
that, but I'll rise up anyway.
So I'd been through
that on the inside.
>> REGINA: Was it making
you sick on the outside?
>> LARSON: It made me sick.
I got pneumonia.
It affected my lungs.
And so it was pretty bad
that winter of 2016, 2017.
So when I heard about this,
that was spot on the money.
And then when lots
of other people
said, yes, we also
remember you died,
then it shows that
these reports,
it's like that other timeline
where I did pass away.
>> REGINA: So in one timeline
you passed away and those people
were on that timeline
remembered it.
And now they're seeing
you here on this timeline
where you didn't pass away.
How do most people
respond to this?
>> LARSON: Well, most people
would think it's pretty weird,
I mean, let's be honest.
[LAUGHTER] Now, if
they watch your show,
it's a different audience.
>> REGINA: Yes, of course.
>> LARSON: So people that watch
your show would think, OK,
that's interesting I hope.
The Mandela Effect
itself, of course, it's
named after Nelson
Mandela, some people
remember he passed away
while he was incarcerated
on Robin's island
around 1987, but now
that's not what happened.
So it dovetails in with
that fits the same pattern.
And also, Mark Twain famously
was reported back in 1897
that he had died.
I suspect that was an early
case of The Mandela Effect,
it's quite possible.
>> REGINA: So is there a part
of you that understands what
happened at that time and is
maybe a part of you that did
die?
>> LARSON: I think
it's quite possible.
>> REGINA: And so that timeline
did continue for an aspect
of you.
>> LARSON: So the part of
me that's the tough scrapper
who's like, OK, so I got
betrayed by someone I loved
and trusted and they did
something that's unconscionable,
it doesn't make any sense to me.
But you know what,
that can happen.
>> REGINA: That's the one
that's here sitting with me.
>> LARSON: I'm right here
and I bounce back, I'm here.
>> REGINA: The one that was hurt
and had pneumonia apparently
went the other direction.
>> LARSON: Yeah, I think
they just got to her.
So in that case, it was
too much and it did me in.
>> REGINA: Let's start talking
about it from our ability
to affect reality in this sense,
from a really positive point
of view, because this is
something that you wrote down
that I loved talking about this.
And that is that
the world at large
is experiencing these
miraculous changes
and that we wouldn't
have expected or seen
a couple of decades ago.
And you say it has to do with
the healing of the ozone layer.
Part of it is
catalytic converters,
but beyond that, even the
radiation dissipating in Japan.
Remember that that's going
to be a toxic dumping ground
anyone that
approaches, it's going
to have cancer and all that.
And then microbes, they eat
plastic and toxic waste.
And we have a ton of healing
happening on this planet
because she's living her
own multiple timelines
and she has her own choice of
which way she's going to go.
So let's talk about that.
>> LARSON: She's a patient
mother with us, I would say,
very patient for us to come up
a learning curve and get over
ourselves and recognize
that we can pull together.
And like you said, these
things that seem insoluble
can definitely come full circle
into an amazing, miraculous
recovery.
We can do that.
And this ties in with some
of the Indigenous people
that were waiting for Western
civilization and all of mankind
to step up the game.
>> REGINA: Exactly.
>> LARSON: You guys can
dream this new world now.
And so it's up to us to
start asking how good can it
get to start really
resonating with the fact,
like you pointed out, things
can be quite different,
and that's OK.
>> REGINA: And can you imagine
how Mother Earth must have felt
when industrialization started?
All this toxic sludge
going into her rivers,
it's like, hey, how long before
they're going to wake up?
Because the Indigenous
populations never
forgot the connection
to the Earth
and to do no harm to the Earth.
They maintain that to a large
extent throughout the world.
And so we're the
primitive people
having to catch up
after having done
so thoughtlessly trashed
this beautiful planet
and that can be reversed.
She's very effective at healing.
>> LARSON: Absolutely.
And it's an interesting
time because when
we look at this fourth
world going into the fifth,
speaking about
Indigenous wisdom,
I like to look at the chakras
and that fourth chakra is
the heart, which we've now
mastered it, hopefully.
So we're good at activity,
doing things, making a mark
in the world, but we're
moving into the throat
chakra and that
fifth world, that's
all about knowing who we are and
being certain of that deeply.
And that awareness is important.
And the opposite of that
would be the confusion.
So that's the conflict
we're heading into.
How do we know who we are?
How do we claim that?
And this is where it
matters to be a good person
and to draw forth from
that deep Indigenous wisdom
that we all have access to.
It's not something that
only primitive people have.
>> REGINA: No, not at
all, we've all been that.
We've all been all things.
So of course, we have
that still in us.
Just as many in
Indigenous tribes
have also expanded over
to the Western world
at web point in their
incarnation paths
and have come back
to where they are.
We all have all of that
in the field in us.
Better not to classify it
like I just did, I suppose.
>> LARSON: It's OK.
[LAUGHTER]
>> REGINA: But I know everybody
understood what we were saying.
So one of the things that I
also have found intriguing
and this came up maybe 10, I
don't know, 8 to 10 years ago,
there was a classified project
reportedly called Project
Looking Glass.
And in that they use
supercomputer models,
taking all of the algorithms for
the behavior choices, history
of humankind to model what was
going to happen in the future,
probably to find out how
controllable we would be
or something, who knows?
I don't know who paid
for it, I'm guessing.
Do you remember this?
>> LARSON: I've heard
of two different things.
There were the computer
models and I've
heard of Project
Looking Glass, and they
may be two different things,
maybe they're related,
but I've definitely.
And I touch on this--
>> REGINA: They have
the same outcome.
And this is important.
So please tell us
about this because I
think this is really
important and it's not
talked about that much anymore.
>> LARSON: This should
be a big topic, I agree.
And I do cover this
also in the book.
What happens is when
they look forward
to see where are things going,
because the models were supposed
to be guideposts so that the
leaders of the free world
and the powers that be can
make good decisions with quotes
around it for
everybody concerned,
hopefully for our
best interests.
That was supposedly
what's going on.
But it was concerning
to those powers
that be who were looking into
that Project Looking Glass,
because what they saw was past a
point in time around 2012 or so.
They could no longer
see with certainty
where things were going.
It was too chaotic,
the possible timelines.
It was just a big,
big spaghetti mess,
like things going in all
directions, not just one
clear timeline, but
too much disarray
to be able to read
it properly at all.
I think there's something
interesting here
because it shows that there's
no clear way for the powers that
be to continue
holding that a grip
or restraint and that
overarching power model that
was being utilized
that's breaking down.
So what they were
really looking at
and they knew it was that the
entire premise of the power
structures that have been
fall apart in the time period
that we're living through right
now because we're 12 years
after 2012.
And this has been epic as
far as what's going on so far
and where it's headed.
>> REGINA: Yes, and I
think the computer model,
whether it was part of
that or not part of that,
the supercomputer modeling that
this person back when Kerry
Cassidy interviewed
him years ago said,
what it all ends at is
that there is an awakening
of consciousness on the planet,
meaning just what you said.
>> LARSON: Exactly.
>> REGINA: Those controllers,
they're not going to be able
to maintain the game any longer,
we're already starting to see
that.
I mean, really everything's
in perfect order.
>> LARSON: It is.
And I think part of this
is The Mandela Effect
again with that awareness
that subjective reality is
the key to this.
It's becoming
comfortable with the fact
that reality can look one
way, but we can change it,
it can be different.
We can have different
memories, we
don't need to argue about that.
And so this is not
solipsism, which
is where I would be the
center of the reality
because my subjective
view is right, no.
It's more like
copernicanism, and that's
a term we'll credit a physicist,
Eric Cavalcanti, who came up
with the term Wigner bubble and
also this idea of copernicanism.
And I think that's
the way forward
to recognize that collectively
we'll work together.
We might have
different histories,
we might have
different memories,
but we don't need to engage in
animosity toward one another
or ourselves.
And this is that enlightenment,
that age of awakening
and it's a recalibration of
where is the power center.
If it's decentralized, then
what does that look like?
And that'll be up
to us to figure out.
>> REGINA: Well, it was
a little while back,
Lee Harris and I recorded a
book called the Future Human.
And in it they
discussed what was
going to happen with those who
have been attempting to control
for tens of thousands of years.
And interestingly,
every channeler
that I speak to now, the
ones I respect and the ones
I have on my show, their beings
are all now more comfortable
starting to say, yes, this
game has been controlled,
but that's over.
And I think part of it is
because our minds are so strong
and our fear nature
is so strong.
They didn't want
to talk about that
and essentially
deepen those anxieties
and fears by even talking
about it for the longest time.
And now that the game is all
but over, they're saying,
yes, you have been up against
this, but it can't continue now
and all of them are saying it.
And furthermore, the Z's, Lee
Harris's group of channel beings
said, the frequencies that are
running through your cosmos
are refined.
It's a higher level of
frequency and there's
nothing that can sustain its
life within it without rising
to match that
frequency, including
some of the beings that are
projecting this onto all of us.
They said even they are going to
go through a process of change,
not just breaking down
of systems and then
restructuring and
transforming them,
but the beings themselves
that are participating
will have no choice but
to go through the change
or go elsewhere.
>> LARSON: Absolutely.
I've seen that just
on things that I've--
I don't write about it yet, but
I've absolutely seen that too.
What I'm thinking
about is an experience
I had at our first
Mandela Effect conference.
It was just at breakfast one
morning and one of the attendees
was talking about the
reptilians and the fact
that they'd
apparently not really
had much contact
with source, and he
was feeling sorry about that.
So we were doing some energy
work and connecting with them,
but subsequent to
that, apparently
things radically changed.
What we were looking
at is just a change,
as you're saying,
with some of those
what you might call egregores.
>> REGINA: Yes, egregores.
Those who still
need to have control
and maybe a little juice from
a human emotions and such
to be able to sustain
themselves because they did
lose their connection
at some point.
And I'm sure ultimately
they need to gain it
back just like we all do.
>> LARSON: Yes, and I've
been assisting with that
to the degree I'm able to
so that they can reconnect.
And I think a lot of us are.
So I'm just agreeing
with you, yes.
>> REGINA: I love it.
Now let's talk about
the story of bees,
because we have to
because I love this story.
Bee colonies.
>> LARSON: Well, bees are
beautiful in the sense that they
are communicating with
humans quite often.
And I think what
you may be referring
to is tell it to the bees.
>> REGINA: Yes, consciously
inform the bee colonies.
That's what I wrote down.
>> LARSON: If there's
a change in the family,
such as a marriage,
a birth, or a death,
it's important in some
cultures that raise bees,
they know that you need to tell
it to the bees so that they know
that someone that they love,
bees are very connected
to people.
It might be surprising
for humans to hear that.
We expect horses and dogs
and cats would be connected.
But even wild animals
like bees, they're
very connected with
their people too,
and they need to know
if someone's passed on
or if someone's coming
newly into the family.
And when there
have been funerals,
sometimes bees are known
to attend in remembrance.
It seems like they
gather in support
of that person who's passed on.
>> REGINA: So how would you
weave this into the story of all
these colony collapses
around the world?
With the chaos, consciousness as
it is, bee colonies collapsing.
I don't think we can just lay
it all off onto EMF frequencies.
I think there has to be
something beyond that going on.
>> LARSON: Probably there is.
I mean, the chemical
aspects as well.
>> REGINA: Chemical
aspects is worse.
>> LARSON: So once you've
covered all the physical
aspects, it matters that we're
connecting on a psychic heart
to heart basis
with all of nature,
including wild animals and
beings that we might not think
of as pets.
We might just think that
we harvest the honey
and we're using them.
But if we're using
them like that,
that's not the way forward.
That's not going to be
where we go from here.
So moving forward, we need to
be looking at all of the animals
that we partner
with, including bees,
as co-creators of
this new Earth.
>> REGINA: I loved reading that
because it's only been in recent
years that I've become not so
afraid of bees because of all
the bee stings historically
and you're a little kid.
So I have a laundry
line and live
in a very sunny, airy place,
and I'm hanging my laundry out
and I have all these bushes
around different butterfly
bush and lavender
and everything,
and they're all
buzzing around me
and it feels so nice just
to have them gently buzzing
while I'm hanging up laundry.
And now from learning
this to just talk to them.
>> LARSON: I love talking to
bees and flowers and trees.
They do appreciate
it, all of them do.
Gardeners know this.
People with a green
thumb, they know this.
[LAUGHTER]
>> REGINA: They know
all about their bees.
So there's a quote
here that I wrote down.
It's from Jacob
Needleman and it said,
"There nothing but evidence.
But the evidence is all in
the inner world which requires
a special attitude of humility,
a wish for the truth and a sense
of the sacred."
So basically he's talking about
everything that's manifesting
this whole unseen world.
He's saying there's
nothing but evidence,
but it's evidence comes
from the inner world, which
requires humility, a
desire to know the truth,
and a sense of the sacred.
>> LARSON: What starts happening
as we explore these metaphysical
worlds where we are not
our physical bodies,
but we're so much more where all
that space that we're talking
about, it starts becoming
interdimensional and we access
this easily through
the subconscious rather
effortlessly, everybody does.
But we don't usually
practice it except meditators
and martial artists
and magicians perhaps.
So this purity of the
inner essence of who we are
is super important once we
start noticing that everyone
knows exactly what
we're thinking
and exactly what we're feeling.
I'm just going to put that out
to you and to the audience right
now.
If you start imagining what
would that world be like, well,
it's a whole different
world when everybody
knows what you're thinking.
>> REGINA: Absolutely.
>> LARSON: Everything changes.
>> REGINA: Absolutely,
when we're transparent.
Where everyone is transparent.
>> LARSON: And we're
moving into that direction,
that's where we're
going with this.
We're going into an extremely
psychic telepathic world,
interdimensional.
So if you look at
a sheet of paper
that would be like flatland,
that's two dimensional reality.
And I can look down at
the floor plan of a house
and I can see where Mr. circle
is hiding from Mr. square.
And to me, it's obvious,
Mr. circle is in the closet.
But if you say that
to flatland, they'll
say, how do you know Mr.
circles in the closet?
What are you, a mind reader?
And I'm just
interdimensional, for me,
I'm using three
dimensions of space.
So when we become
interdimensional,
as we are doing right
now and that's for real,
this is absolutely
for real, then
we're starting to
see around corners.
We're starting to see
through, know things
that there's no way
that regular physics
or what we learned
in school would
say there's any reason for
us to know these things.
But we do know them
and they are correct.
And we see evidence of it.
And you've done this
spectacularly in the past
and I have too.
And when that happens,
then you know this is real
and it's exactly what Jacob
Needleman is pointing out.
It comes first from that purity
of the heart and the soul,
with no malevolent
intention whatsoever.
That's extremely important
because it's like cooking food.
You wouldn't want to put
poison in your Thanksgiving
or Christmas feast.
It's stupid, it's
silly, it's crazy.
But we typically think
nothing of putting
poisonous thoughts in what--
>> REGINA: Very true.
>> LARSON: --what
we're creating.
And it's time to start growing
up and maturing on that level.
And that's what I love
about Needleman's quote.
>> REGINA: Absolutely.
And a lot of people
hear that and think,
oh, my God, Big
Brother, everybody's
going to know everything.
They're going to put
chips in us and no, it's
going to happen quite naturally.
But the grace in this is that we
begin evolving at the same time
beyond those thoughts,
the negative thoughts that
are created by these
fear patterns that
have been instilled into
us, those are be gone.
So we don't have the same
malevolent, fearful thoughts.
So if we're transparent and
reading each other, who cares?
We'll be more on the
same page anyway.
>> LARSON: Exactly.
>> REGINA: So no hiding things
from each other anymore.
>> LARSON: That's
super important.
I got a leg up on that one
because I got intuitive advice
when I was growing up that
everyone can read my mind,
everyone knew what
I was thinking.
That was what my angels
told me and I believed them.
My dad, on the other
hand, was saying things
like, you can't read
my mind, but I could.
And so then instantly
I went with my angels,
like, well, they're right
because obviously, I
can read his mind clearly.
>> REGINA: So they're dad.
>> LARSON: But it was a big
advantage because then it kept
my heart pure.
It kept me on the path
Needleman is talking about.
>> REGINA: Oh, that's wonderful.
You got a way early jump on it.
>> LARSON: It was helpful.
>> REGINA: One other
thing before we go,
the notion of soft eyes.
Let's talk about soft eyes.
We just have a few minutes left.
>> LARSON: Well,
this is important.
If you love nature, we're
talking about hanging out
in the garden.
And so if you have
soft eyes, you
can be putting
laundry on the line
and just be aware maybe a bird
flies next to you and lands
on a branch.
But instead of
spinning your head
and staring at it
in a shocking way,
you can greet it with soft eyes
just with the visual perimeter
of your vision and knowing
there's a blue jay right
at eye level, 2 feet
away from me, wow,
and just extending a feeling
of love from your heart
to the bird.
And that's soft
eyes, and it starts
giving you an enhanced
expanded awareness
of all of the nature around.
>> REGINA: That makes sense.
If we have a lot of
birds and hummingbirds,
they'll just come and stare
at you, buzz right around
and try to get your attention.
And I have a hawk, I named
him Horus, of course.
There's a beautiful
hawk who lives
in the tree right
above my bedroom
and I really believe he's
looking over us and modulating
things a bit.
And I hear him go
off in the morning
screeching in the
morning, but I haven't
been able to decipher
why he does that.
And I would like to be able to
become more psychically tuned
to the animals, to the
birds in particular,
to know why they're
talking like they are
and doing what they're doing.
So soft eyes might be a path.
>> LARSON: It moves us into that
subconscious awareness and then
you've got that much
more instant access.
It's like flipping your
rational analytical left brain
off a little bit
more, and then you
have a little bit more knowledge
of what's really going on.
>> REGINA: Yeah, because I
think you're screeching so much.
If you're going
for prey, are you
trying to scare
them out or away?
I can't tell exactly
what you're doing.
He's beautiful anyway.
Well, listen, I so appreciate
you being here and everything
that you shared with us today.
And of course, we're
going to, I think,
close on the most powerful
question we can ever
ask ourselves because it's
audacious in this crazy world
where everybody's trying
to compete with each other.
So let's end it on
your famous question.
>> LARSON: My favorite
question, how good can it get?
>> REGINA: I love it.
>> LARSON: And it's an
invitation to the subconscious
as well to answer that
for us collectively,
not just how good can it get
for me and not just for the two
of us, but for everyone
and all concerned.
>> REGINA: Perfect.
On that note, until next
time, thank you so much.
>> LARSON: Thank you.
>> REGINA: Cynthia Sue's new
book is titled The Mandela
Effect and its Society.
You can also go to
the Gaia archives
to see my previous
interviews with Cynthia Sue,
as well as to her site
realityshifters.com.
Until next time, thank you for
joining us here on Open Minds.
[THEME MUSIC]